# Agenda for Temple Sinai library meeting, April 28, 2021

I hope to get through items 1-6 quickly so we can focus on the survey.


Attending:


<!-- - - - - - - - - - - -->
- Marcia Blacker
- Janet Khanlian
- John Khanlian
- Gail Lipsky
- Aaron List
- Shelley Sbar
- Johanna Schoss
<!-- - Skye Silverstein  -->
- John Stevens
- Rich Traube
<!-- - - - - - - - - - - -->



1. Equipment - Marcia
    1. Furniture
        1. We have money why not get something reasonable.
        1. Scale drawing **[Action - John and Rich scale diagram of the room. Ask Hank about autocad.]**
        1. Time frame - commit to having desk out by August or sooner. Pending carpet replacement.
        1. New carpet over summer.
    <!-- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -->
    <!-- 1. computers                              -->
    <!-- 1. barcode scanners (are they necessary?) -->
    <!-- 1. image scanners                         -->
    <!-- 1. consortia for scanning Judaica?        -->
    <!-- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -->
1. Moratorium - Rich
    1. **[Action Item]** Rich submitted Happenings entry to Rose for 4/16, 4/23
    1. More happenings or iContact? 
    1. Announcements at services and congregational meeting. **[Jo]**
    1. Sign on library door and in school. **[Aaron]**
1. Weeding - Jo?
    1. Jo - talked to Rabbi Perice. We need to have a date. Set aside liturgical beforehand **[Jo]**.
        1. Marcia **[Rich will ask her.]**
    1. **[Janet, Gail will help with general weeding.]**
1. Gail report on TBS library **[Gail and Rich will talk about questions for meeting with librarian.]**
    1. [Pictures from April 2021 visit](gail-tbs-pictures-2021-04.md)
1. Rich report on TS library
    1. [Pictures and Notes from April 18, 2021 visit](rich-ts-pictures-2021-04-18.md)
    1. Display cabinet will stay somewhere elese in congregation. <!-- Rose wants to keep. -->
        1. Take big one out and use small one.
    1. Desk **[Shelley will work on getting desk cleared out.]**
    1. Need people to make choices on new desk.
    1. Need people to make choices on new computers and more ergonomic and efficient computer furniture.
    1. Extra furniture is a problem in general. Beautification needs to act in conjunction with other stake holders.
1. Online Circulation/Cataloging - Aaron & Rich
    1. Rich - LibraryThing
        1. Label printing - Data export to MS merge
        1. Scanner - **[Rich will finish testing with scanner and get it to Aaron.]**
    1. Aaron - Libib : Aaron waiting to begin two week trial period.
        1. Libib has printing feature. Big plus.
        1. Libib has batch adds for catalog. Big plus for adding multiple copies of liturgical titles.
1. Survey
    1. questions - people liked Marcia's initial list. <!-- Add "if library offered more services. -->
    1. format
        1. ranked choice (multiple choice grid) - There was concensus that ranked choice is better.
            1. [sample - ranked choice - x: rankings; y: criteria ](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfYVpkjFCRQ0Jb_z31DQzF-TjDX-J9jmRxm4WPFUpioOgG-EQ/viewform)
            1. [sample - ranked choice - x: criteria; y: rankings](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfxf7A0lg0z0QjV5LcPyNPRQbEYyxqg5cDne0tgGRgeDO1Bng/viewform)
        1. checkbox
            1. [sample - check boxes](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeLnSao51yNmNVWiltApIqdOOKC6ZN3XSIruf3xgGUPO9oZaQ/viewform)
    1. **[Jo offered to do focus group with religious school students.]**
    <!-- - - - - - -->
    <!-- 1. Grants -->
    <!-- - - - - - -->
1. Discussion
    1. Gail - Need plan [Draft](plan-draft.md)
1. Next Meeting
    1. May 12, 2021, 7:00 pm - Zoom
    


